do you have a current security licnese - x
Have you applied, interviewed or worked for Wilson, either directly or as a sub contractor ? - x
are you available for interview next week with the operations team ? -x
do you have a current first aid certificate ? - x
location preferences 
employment preferences - full time, casual , parttime, any
are you available to work across shift patterns which will include weekend, public holidays and nights shifts ?
do you have a current working with children ?
visa status to work in country
address



There was a platform where the prospect students would login and connect with a University ambassador, there are alot of ambassadors from different nationality, different courses studying different majors. 
The student would connect and ask them questions around student life, fees, scholarship, covid, border restrictions, academics, campus jobs, accomodation etc.
Sometimes based on the questions they have the ambassador would connect them to special departments too, like fees, accounts department, etc.

All the conversation were saved by this platform and they would then run an analysis on the convo data, to find out the trends and topic that were brought up by the prospects,
any concerns that might hinder their decsion to enroll for the course at the university. It was very important to understand the concerns raised as they played important role toward making the decision.
By doing the analysis, you can understand the growing concern within the student and university may address them.
This analysis can be shown using good visualisation tools.
If provided historic data (chats) on how many people of those who had conversation with ambassador got admitted can help us predict wether a given student is likely to enroll or not based on the conversation.



Rest Insurance bot
Spoke to Rajat
spoke to Vishal for anne
sent you the write up
aradhana academy
Retail



I really liked the timeline mapping where I got a chance to revisit some happy moments of the life and pen it down on the timeline.
Also realised how important this practice is and everyone should be doing this more often at different phases in life.
Understood the importance of updating the linkedin and how important it is to compare your cv and cover letter with the JD before applying for the job.
Also the keywords that are used in resume, how important it is. Also understood PY is more important than just gaining those 5 points for PR. 
Overall a really nice session, thanks.








































